docs: Add a note on concurrency and races (#6950)
encode/django-rest-framework: docs/api-guide/throttling.md

You'll need to remember to also set your custom throttle class in the `'DEFAULT_THROTTLE_CLASSES'` settings key, or using the `throttle_classes` view attribute.

## A note on concurrency

> Since the default implementations of throttles are based on the Django cache system, race conditions in which concurrent requests may be able to bypass throttling are possible.  If your project requires more rock-solid throttles even in concurrent situations, you may need to implement such a throttle by hand. See [this issue][gh5181] for details.

Reviewer: > race conditions in which concurrent requests may be able to bypass throttling are possible.

I might rewrite this as:

> concurrent requests may be able to bypass throttling due to race conditions.

Also, 

> you may need to implement such a throttle by hand.

Are there any 3rd party implementations we could point to?

Author: Rewritten, thank you.

As for those implementations... no idea, sorry :)

You'll need to remember to also set your custom throttle class in the `'DEFAULT_THROTTLE_CLASSES'` settings key, or using the `throttle_classes` view attribute.

## A note on concurrency

> Since the default implementations of throttles are based on the Django cache system, concurrent requests may be able to bypass throttling due to [race conditions][race].
> 
> If your project requires more rock-solid throttles even in concurrent situations, you may need to implement such a throttle by hand. See [this issue][gh5181] for details.

Reviewer 2: Suggested wording:

```suggestion
The built-in throttle implementations are open to [race conditions][race], so under high concurrency they may allow a few extra requests through.

If your project relies on guaranteeing the number of requests during concurrent requests, you will need to implement your own throttle class. See [issue #5181][gh5181] for more details.
```
